== alderman-factors

Estimating the poltical structure of the Chicago council from campaign contributions

Summary descriptions of 
* who gets the most money
* distribution of size of donations
* categorizing by industry  

Clustering - do clusters line up with
* voting clusters
* geospatial clusters
* committee appointments
* tenure

Forked from Open City's site template https://github.com/open-city/site-template

This is a basic site template that I use to kick off a lot of my projects. Uses Ruby, Sinatra, Haml and Twitter Bootstrap with tie-ins to Heroku for hosting and Google Analytics.

== Installation

  $ git clone git@github.com:derekeder/site-template.git
  $ cd site_template
  $ gem install bundler
  $ bundle
  $ unicorn
  navigate to http://localhost:8080/

== Caching

This template comes with hooks in to Heroku's memcache plugin for caching pages. To set up memcache on heroku:

  $ heroku addons:add memcache

Then uncomment this line in application.rb

  $ cache_control :public, max_age: 1800  # 30 min

== Dependencies

* {Ruby 1.9.3}[http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads]
* {Sinatra}[http://www.sinatrarb.com]
* {Haml}[http://haml.info]
* {Heroku}[http://www.heroku.com]
* {Twitter Bootstrap}[http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap]
* {Google Analytics}[http://www.google.com/analytics]


== Errors / Bugs

If something is not behaving intuitively, it is a bug, and should be reported.
Report it here: https://github.com/derekeder/site-template/issues


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit and send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.
